.TH imgfetch 1 "2016-04-19" "version 1.3"
.SH NAME
imgfetch - file fetching utility for danbooru.domnai.us and 4chan.org

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B imgfetch [ options ] URL [URL ...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Imgfetch is a simple file downloading for 4chan and Danbooru written in python3. It utilizes APIs of various sites so extending it's cabapilities to work with imageboards that use these APIs is very easy. Imgfetch also fully supports md5 has checking on downloaded images so a thread can be downloaded every few minutes to download the latest images without having to download/create duplicate files.

.SH OPTIONS
.BR \-h "," \-\-help
Show a help message and exit
.PP
.BR \-d "," \-\-directory =\fIDIR\fR
Specify a download directory. Default is to make a directory in the current directory, then download there
.PP
.BR \-m "," \-\-method =\fIMETHOD\fR
Compares local files with downloaded file to avoid file duplication/duplicate downloading. \fIMETHOD\fR can be "md5", or "name". Default is "md5", but will fall back to name checks for website that don't supply md5sums for their files.
.PP
.BR \-q "," \-\-quiet
Turns off output (excluding stderr)
.PP
.BR \-v "," \-\-verbose
Turns on more verbose output with levels
.PP

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs by emailing Todd Gaunt at toddgaunt@protonmail.ch, or fix them yourself and make a pull request to https://www.github.com/toddgaunt/imgfetch if you're feeling a little patronage ;).

.SH AUTHOR
This man page and imgfetch itself were originally authored by Todd Gaunt.

.SH LICENSE
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Todd Gaunt

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
