.TH imgfetch 1 "version 2.0"
.SH NAME
imgfetch-danbooru - file fetching utility for various image-hosting websites, [danbooru.domnai.us]

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B imgfetch-danbooru [ options ] [subcommand]
.PP

.SH DESCRIPTION
Syncronize a local directory with a danbooru tag search url e.g. "http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts?tags=kantai_collection". 
.PP
The download directory is specified by the toplevel imgfetch command. Within this directory, more sub-directories are created according to the character tags on the images downloaded. This means if you download from 
.B http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts?tags=hatsune_miku
with the output directory 
.BR download , 
the directory
.IR download/hatsune_miku ,
will be created with all images tagged 
.B hatsune_miku 
downloaded there. 
.PP
Character tags are concatanated, so if there is an image with the tags 
.BR hatsune_miku\ asuka ,
a directory 
.I download/hatsune_miku-asuka
will be created for those images. If an image is missing character tags, it will be downloaded to 
.IR download/no_character_tag . 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h "," \-\-help
Show a help message and exit
.TP
.BR \-p "," \-\-pages =\fIrange\fR
Specify a page range to download from, e.g. "imgfetch -p 1-5,10,15-20". This flag
means that you do not have to specify the page query in the url itself.

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs by emailing me at toddgaunt@protonmail.ch, or fix them yourself and make a pull request to https://www.github.com/toddgaunt/imgfetch if you've got nothing better to do.

.SH AUTHOR
This man page and imgfetch itself were originally authored by Todd Gaunt.
